---
title: Join the IndySCC Team
tags: IndySCC
---

Are you passionate about technology, innovation, and collaboration? The IndySCC (Student Cluster Competition) at SC25 conference is an incredible opportunity to work alongside like-minded individuals, solving complex problems in high-performance computing (HPC). This is your chance to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technology, push your boundaries, and make a mark in one of the most exciting competitions for undergraduates.

---
### **How to Get Involved**

Fill out our [short interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemMWrcBnpkOecPPpQGfvtYaWJ8rs0Ww9MDXTo2J6tyfmI1EA/viewform?usp=preview), and we’ll be in touch with the next steps.

Don’t worry if you’re new to HPC. We’re looking for motivated individuals who are eager to learn and contribute. Training and resources will be provided to help you succeed.

---


### Why Join IndySCC?

1. **Hands-On Learning**  
   Joining IndySCC allows you to work directly with real-world HPC clusters, optimize software, and tackle computational challenges. It’s a unique opportunity to apply what you’ve learned in your classes to practical scenarios and gain valuable experience.

2. **Boost Your Resume**  
   Competing in IndySCC demonstrates your skills in teamwork and technical problem-solving. It’s a standout addition to your resume and can open doors to internships, research opportunities, and future jobs.

3. **Collaborate with Peers**  
    You’ll collaborate with talented peers, share knowledge, and learn from each other. 

4. **Engage with Industry Leaders**  
    Top companies and organizations in HPC will be present at the SC25 conference. By participating, you’ll have the opportunity to network with industry professionals, gain valuable mentorship, and catch the attention of potential employers.

---

### **What Happens Next?**

After submitting your form:
1. We’ll review your application.
2. You may be invited to an informal interview.
3. Selected team members will undergo training and preparation for the competition.

---

### **FAQs**

**Do I need prior experience in HPC?**  
    Not at all! While HPC experience is helpful, we value enthusiasm, a willingness to learn, commitment, and the ability to collaborate effectively as part of a team.

**What’s the time commitment?**  
    Training sessions and preparation typically require a few hours a week, with a more intensive time commitment leading up to the competition.

**Who can apply?**  
    All undergraduate CSE students are welcome to apply! Whether you’re intersted in system/ML/cybersecurity, there’s a place for you on the team.

---


### **Ready to Take the First Step?**

Fill out the [interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemMWrcBnpkOecPPpQGfvtYaWJ8rs0Ww9MDXTo2J6tyfmI1EA/viewform?usp=preview) today. Don’t miss this opportunity to challenge yourself, grow, and have fun along the way!
